Update configuring-teams-calling-quickstartguide.md (#3659)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/configuring-teams-calling-quickstartguide.md

## Prerequisites for enabling the **Dial Pad** in Teams
To enable the **Dial Pad** tab in Teams and allow your users to make and receive PSTN calls you will need to provision users for Phone System and Calling Plans. To learn how to set up Calling Plans, read [Set up Calling Plans](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/set-up-calling-plans).

> For Teams only users, in addition, you must ensure that "Allow Private Calling" is enabled at in Teams Calling Policy. [Policies documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/manage-teams-skypeforbusiness-admin-center)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Teams only users, in addition, you must ensure that "Allow Private Calling" is enabled in the Teams Calling Policy. See [Manage Teams during the transition to the new Microsoft Teams admin center](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/manage-teams-skypeforbusiness-admin-center) for more information.
```
